hi I'm George Lopez and you're watching
webcast all right I'm not George Lopez
okay Carlos Santana okay okay
Andy Garcia how about Jimmy Smits you
figured out you're watching do it cast
good luck
hey guys I'm Andy Rees man welcome back
bleep ass hanging out here with mr.
edward james olmos thank you so much for
hanging out with us today we're gonna
play a quick card game have you ever
played cards against humanity' no I
haven't okay all right well the way it's
gonna work we had to change a little bit
because it's just two players but we're
gonna give you three cards and you can
look at them
and they have something really stupid or
funny written on them and I will take
another three cards then we're gonna
pull this black card here which has a
sentence on it and then pick your
favorite out of the three that you want
to use to answer the question so the
question is I don't know if you can see
this but but before I kill you Mr Bond I
must show you and then we'll put your
answer down and I'll put my answer down
and then we'll have the crew decide
which is the funniest my card is down
your card is down all right so we're
gonna shuffle them up here a little bit
was a good card the best part all right
so I'm gonna have you read them because
you have the voice and I'm just a 15
year old so all right but before I kill
you Mr Bond I must show you 50,000 volts
straight to the nipples
okay but before I kill you Mr Bond I
must show you
Ping's a little bit what do you guys
think what's better 50,000 volts
straight to the nipples or peeing a bit
nipples nipples it is without your cards
yes it was your car all right so we got
the hang of this you'ii do another round
I'm so good told me a feelin okay give
me some new cards I'll give you three
new ones let's just get rid of this look
at this ah we own this stuff we don't
you know nobody can tell us no they're
gonna tell us no are you ready
the next question is what will I bring
back in time to convince people that I
am a powerful wizard are you ready mr.
Olmos
do you have your card put it in the
center I don't even know what I played
what will you bring when you go back in
time to convince people you are a
powerful wizard first card whining like
a little bitch okay so what else will
you bring back into the cadences off
there somehow I don't even understand
the structure that sentence but what
will you bring back in time to convince
people that you are a powerful wizard be
a second choice
lucky the trickster god alrighty okay so
which is funny or lucky the trickster
god or whining like a little bitch
little bitch which one was your card
that was yours that was my card I didn't
even know well alright it's one to one
so we are tied right here I'm playing
edward james olmos in a game of cards
against humanity'
you know something about humanity right
not much but I'm learning what's your
card let me give you three more cards
what is the next superhero sidekick duo
that's but we can play two cards I think
you could play the superhero and the
sidekick go with these two blue ones
you only know play one alright okay so
what is the next superhero sidekick it's
gonna be obvious whose cars are whose to
play doh
reading those just in case I guess there
we go we're playing to sidekicks are
getting naked and watching Nickelodeon a
sad fat dragon with no friends what's
yours mine is one ring to rule them all
oh there you go that one that one yeah
last question
the next book from JK Rowling Harry
Potter and the Chamber of blank alrighty
we'll shuffle them up here next book
from JK Rowling here you go
that's right either an army of skeletons
or full frontal nudity thank you so much
for hanging out those a Dreamcast see
you next time hey guys I'm a near East
my are hosted week cast
hope you enjoyed the videos subscribe
for more dweeby goodness wild original
stuff you won't see anywhere else
do it